.NET is a wellpaying skill to learn...very popular

.NET is used to develop all kind of applications

ASP = Active Server Pages
Core - Open Source cross paltform of ASP 

.NET consists of a runtime engine for libraries for executing program.

C# is the language of choice 
.NET was a response from building mostly desktop applications to web applications 
.NET was created as a response to JAVA

An ASP.NET page is a web page that contains HTML/dynamic ASP markup

It runs on a server, combinging static HTML code and updating the dynamic ASP elements to produce a final HTML 
page.

It runs the backend and frontend,(full stack).

Can be combined with front-end services

IIS Express is microsoft's webserver

cshtml == csharp HTML

MVC = Model, Views, and Controllers
It's a design pattern. Code is smaller and modular

Model = classes(Objects). Manages behavior and data
View = WebPage,(Razor HTML). Manages display of data
Controller = Connects Models business logic, and webpage. Handles page events and navigation between pages.


------------------------------------
Creating a 'view'

Is HTML/CSS Code,(or similar)

Usaully gets a list of data from the controller

Dynamically combines data with HTML in a template
That language is Razor,(ASP.NET)

Models are data related,(Class with objects).
Uses SQL Statements, supplies the controller with a list of objects

Quick tip, to generate stuff instantly, hit tab twice

Add a controller in the 'Controllers' folder by right clicking and clicking add,
Select MCV Controller with views, using entityr framework


----------------------------------------
Working with Data
Watch parts of the video from 24 mins...

Switch to 'Package Manager Console' for this part. Go to tools, NuGet package manager, Package Manager Console
This works with an 'ORM', (Object Relation Mapper)

-----------------------------
Linking Views
Starts around 30 mins 
In the asp-Controller secion, you can just put the name of the controller, and not add 
'Contorller'...Microsoft has the 'Controller' part assumed.

You can right click on the newly created function to create the view


---------------
For the styling, they really don't want you toying around in the LIB folder...just the css and js folders